[PM-7515] Create document for iOS push notification tips (#416)
bitwarden/contributing-docs: docs/architecture/mobile-clients/ios/push-notification-troubleshooting.md

---
sidebar_custom_props:
  access: bitwarden
sidebar_position: 2
---

# iOS Push Notification Troubleshooting Tips

## Overview

> We use push notifications in the Password Manager app for two purposes:

Reviewer: 1. Thought it would be a good addition to link where server defines [push notification types](https://github.com/bitwarden/server/blob/main/src/Core/Enums/PushType.cs) and while doing so, it made me remember we use push for logging out all devices too. 
2. 🤔 It's common for someone new to assume changes like client settings are synced, not sure if we need to be more specific here about vault changes meaning cipher / folder / org CRUD operations.

Author: 1. Oh! Good call!
2. We probably should; that was a subtlety I hadn't anticipated

1. To sync the vault when a change was made from a different devices
2. To allow users to log in with device

However, there are a lot of things that can go wrong with push notifications, and the process is
relatively opaque. This document will provide some places where you can dig in to things under the
hood and hopefully figure out what’s going on.

## Triggering a Push Notification

The easiest way to trigger a push notification is to be logged in on both the app and a web vault,

> and to make a change in the web vault. The server should send a push notification to the device, and

Reviewer: 🎨 May be misinterpreted to suggest that other changes like settings trigger push notifications too. Given that the Overview section already lists how push is used, this part could provide a specific action we usually use.  
 
```suggestion
and to edit a cipher in the web vault. The server should send a push notification to the device, and
```

Author: Ah, makes sense, though I'll probably do it as add, edit, or delete a cipher (since they all should trigger the push) 🤔
